#summary This page will list the current tasks
#labels Featured

= Introduction =

Someone else has made a conversion of the World of Dreams scripts to POL 098. This conversion was done with an old version of the scripts, and it's not working 100% either.

What we are doing is converting all of these scripts to POL 099 and update them to work like the 095 scripts. 

= Details =

  * Remove all those misleading credits placed in the pkg.cfg files. The author isn't JaceAce, it's either Drocket or Dundee, check the 095 scripts. JaceAce would count as a maintainer at most. But now WE are the maintainers, so he becomes a past contributor, author of the original conversion, but not the scripts.

  * Verify the functionality of each entry in the pkg folder. It should work as in the 095 version. Several scripts are outdated and need deletion, full replacement, and patching to replace deprecated POL functions with the new ones.

  * Make sure everything is realm aware. Currently it uses {{{_DEFAULT_REALM}}}; this should be replaced with the _realm_ property of the character, npc or object in question to permit us to expand to the other realms in the future.

  * Watch out for removed items. I have found and added some, you may find more.

Each one of us should pick one by one the folders inside 095\pkg and compare them with 099\pkg, and do the necesary work to accomplish the tasks mentioned above.

Here is the package list and those assigned to them in parenthesis:
  * attributes (*finished by Agata*)
  * character (*finished by Agata*)
  * combat (*finished by Agata*)
  * commands (*finished by Agata*)
  * drocket (*finished by Agata*)
  * dundee (*finished by Agata*)
  * guilds (*finished by Agata*)
  * items (*finished by Agata*)
  * magic (*finished by Agata*)
  * merchants_database (*finished by Agata*)
  * npcs (*finished by Agata*)
  * quests (*finished by Agata*)
  * skills (*finished by Agata*)
  * world (*finished by Agata*)

Additionally there is the scripts folder with the following entries:
  * ai (*finished by Agata*)
  * console
  * control (Agata)
  * include
  * items
  * misc